Windows image configuration scripts and Azure builder (#382)
kubernetes-sigs/image-builder: images/capi/packer/azure/readme.md

# Use the VHD

There are two options:

1. Publish the image to the Azure Market Place.  See the steps in [stages.yaml](./.pipelines/stages.yaml)
2. Create an image and use the disk for provising a VM.

> ## Provision an VM with VHD

Reviewer: Typo: a VM

```bash
az image create -n testvmimage -g cluster-api-images --os-type <Windows/Linux> --source <storage url for vhd file>
az vm create -n testvm --image testvmimage -g cluster-api-images
```

## Debugging packer scripts

> There are several ways to debug packer scripts: https://www.packer.io/docs/other/debugging.html

Reviewer 2: Should this documentation go with the other documentation in `docs/book/src/capi/providers/azure.md` instead?

Author: I put them here as this is more developer related while testing.  But open to moving them. @CecileRobertMichon do you have thoughts?

Reviewer 3: +1 to keeping all the docs together in the book. Maybe we can add a developer section there?

Author: moved the docs and added a windows section

Author: PTAL

# Use the VHD

> There are two options:

Reviewer 3: let's also link to https://capz.sigs.k8s.io/topics/custom-images.html which is the main way these images are meant to be used, ie. in the context of capz

> 1. Publish the image to the Azure Market Place.  See the steps in [stages.yaml](./.pipelines/stages.yaml)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. Publish the image to the [Azure Marketplace](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/marketplace/publisher-guide-by-offer-type).  See the steps in [stages.yaml](./.pipelines/stages.yaml)
```

2. Create an image and use the disk for provising a VM.

## Provision a VM with VHD

> After creating a VHD, create a managed image using the url output from `make make build-azure-vhd-<image>` and use it to [create the VM](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/build-image-with-packer#create-a-vm-from-the-packer-image): 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After creating a VHD, create a managed image using the url output from `make build-azure-vhd-<image>` and use it to [create the VM](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/virtual-machines/windows/build-image-with-packer#create-a-vm-from-the-packer-image): 
```
